fix(curriculum): add brief explanation for decorators in getters and setters lesson (#65888)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-understanding-object-oriented-programming-and-encapsulation/68c128cbd77e4ba9ed671937.md

For example, you might want to calculate a value or check that a new value is valid before saving it. Instead of calling a method for that, you can use an attribute-like way to do that.

> In Python, a decorator is a function that modifies the functionalities of other functions, without changing the function's code.

Reviewer: I think using "original, decorated" is a bit confusing
```suggestion
In Python, a decorator is a function that modifies the functionalities of other functions, or classes, without changing their original code.
```

> While it is possible to create custom decorators, this is beyond the scope of this lesson. Just know that to create a property, you define a method and place the `@property` decorator above it. This tells Python to treat the method as a property.

Author: https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/62747#issuecomment-3670038887

I have just added Dario's suggestion tbh.
